[PAN-3038] Add new eth_getProof API documentation. (#28)
PegaSysEng/doc.pantheon: docs/Reference/Pantheon-API-Methods.md

    }    
    ```
    
### eth_getProof

> Returns the account and storage values of the specified account, including the merkle proof.

Reviewer: Did you say this is used by light clients?  If you've got a use-case for when this API would be used, that'd be useful to include

Author: Apparently it's used by clients that are unable to even run light clients (IoT devices etc). So I'll add something.

**Parameters**

`DATA` - 20-byte address of the account or contract.

`ARRAY` - 32-byte storage values of the account or contract address as described in [eth_getStorageAt](#eth_getstorageat)

`QUANTITY|TAG` - Integer representing a block number or one of the string tags `latest`, `earliest`, or `pending`, as described in [Block Parameter](../HowTo/Interact/Pantheon-APIs/Using-JSON-RPC-API.md#block-parameter).

**Returns**

`result`: *Object* - Account details:

> * `balance`:`Quantity` - Account balance.

Reviewer: I'd leave the fullstop off the end of the lines (because I was here first, my fullstop minimal approach wins ;-))

> * `codeHash`:`Data, 32-byte` - Hash of the account's code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `codeHash`:`Data, 32-byte` - Hash of the account code.
```

* `nonce`:`Quantity` - Number of transactions sent from the account.
* `storageHash`:`Data, 32-byte` - SHA3 of the `storageRoot`.
* `accountProof`:`Array` - RLP-encoded merkle tree nodes, starting with the `stateRoot`.
* `storageProof`:`Array`- Storage entries. Each entry is an object that displays: 

>      * `key`:`Quantity` - The storage key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * `key`:`Quantity` - Storage key.
```

>      * `value`:`Quantity` - The storage value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * `value`:`Quantity` - Storage value. 
```

    }    
    ```
    
### eth_getProof

Returns the account and storage values of the specified account, including the merkle proof.

> The API allows IoT devices or mobile apps which are unable to run light clients to verify responses from untrusted sources, by using a trusted block hash. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `eth_getProof` methods allows IoT devices or mobile apps that are unable to run light clients to verify responses from untrusted sources, by using a trusted block hash. 
```

    }    
    ```
    
### eth_getProof

Returns the account and storage values of the specified account, including the merkle proof.

The API allows IoT devices or mobile apps which are unable to run light clients to verify responses from untrusted sources, by using a trusted block hash. 

**Parameters**

`DATA` - 20-byte address of the account or contract.

> `ARRAY` - 32-byte storage values of the account or contract address as described in [eth_getStorageAt](#eth_getstorageat)

Reviewer 2: (a) `eth_getStorageAt` is a forward reference, so this is the first place it would be describe in the docs.
(b) `eth_getStorageAt` doesn't describe the storage address.  I have no idea why the ethereum JSON-RPC docs are referencing that RPC, but there is nothing there of relevance.

```suggestion
`ARRAY` - Array of 32-byte storage keys to generate proofs for.
```

Author: Thanks, will implement this.

* `nonce`:`Quantity` - Number of transactions sent from the account
* `storageHash`:`Data, 32-byte` - SHA3 of the `storageRoot`
* `accountProof`:`Array` - RLP-encoded merkle tree nodes, starting with the `stateRoot`
* `storageProof`:`Array`- Storage entries. Each entry is an object that displays: 
     * `key`:`Quantity` - Storage key
     * `value`:`Quantity` - Storage value
     * `proof`:`Array` - RLP-encoded merkle tree nodes, starting with the `storageHash`

!!! example
    ```bash tab="curl HTTP" 
    curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method": "eth_getStorageAt","params": ["0x‭{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method": "eth_getProof","params": [
    "0a8156e7ee392d885d10eaa86afd0e323afdcd95", ["0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000347"], "latest"],"id": 1}' http://127.0.0.1:8545
    ```
         
    ```bash tab="wscat WS"
    {"jsonrpc":"2.0","method": "eth_getProof","params": [
    "0a8156e7ee392d885d10eaa86afd0e323afdcd95", ["0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000347"], "latest"],"id": 1}
    ```
         
    ```json tab="JSON result"
    {
      "jsonrpc": "2.0",
      "id": 1,
      "result": {
        "accountProof": [

>           "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",

Reviewer 2: Do we really need all of the proof bytes?  Could we just elide them like so?

```suggestion
          "0xf90211a0...8d898380"
```

Author: Yes, it looks a lot better after adding the ellipsis.
